docs: Add error pages for hydration related error codes (#49689)
angular/angular: aio/content/errors/NG0500.md

@name Hydration Node Mismatch
@category runtime
@shortDescription During hydration, Angular expected a DOM node, but either the actual DOM was different or was not found.

@description
This error means that during the hydration process, Angular expected a DOM structure as rendered and annotated during server side rendering. However, on the client, the DOM tree was different than the server rendered DOM tree.

This error typically happens due to direct DOM manipulation using native browser APIs that alter the DOM structure outside of what Angular produced. You can resolve this by refactoring the component to use native Angular APIs instead of native APIs. If that's not possible, you can add the `ngSkipHydration` attribute to your component's host node, which will disable hydration for the component and its children. `ngSkipHydration` should only be used as a last resort and should be considered a bug that needs to be fixed.

More information about hydration can be found in [this guide](guide/hydration).

> The following examples will trigger the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example will trigger the error.
```

```typescript
@Component({
  standalone: true,
  selector: 'example-cmp',
  template: '<div><span>world</span></div>',
})
export class ExampleCmp {

>   el = inject(ElementRef);
> 
>   ngOnInit() {
>     const newNode = document.createElement('span');
>     newNode.innerHTML = 'Hello';
>     this.el.nativeELement.insertBefore(newNode, this.el.firstChild);
>   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  hostElement = inject(ElementRef).nativeElement;

  ngOnInit() {
    // Create a new <p> element with the `Hello` text inside
    const newNode = document.createElement('p');
    newNode.innerHTML = 'Hello';
    
    // Insert the <p> before the first element. Since Angular has no information
    // about the <p> element, it will be looking for the <div> element at the first
    // element position instead. As a result, a hydration mismatch error would be
    // thrown. Instead, update component's template to create the <p> element.
    this.hostElement.insertBefore(newNode, this.hostElement.firstChild);
  }
```

}
```

@debugging

> Avoid direct DOM Manipulation using native APIs whenever possible.
> Add the `ngSkipHydration` attribute to your component host node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error message in the developer console should contain information on a specific part of the
application's DOM structure that is causing the problem. Review that part of the application
for hydration-related errors, such as direct DOM manipulation using native APIs.

You can add the `ngSkipHydration` attribute to your component host node as a possible workaround.
```
